Q. Never mind the fluff -- how do I get started?

A. Start with the Quick Start guide : https://github.com/SteveGilham/altcover/wiki/QuickStart-Guide and 
read the FAQ : https://github.com/SteveGilham/altcover/wiki/FAQ

# (Habu series release 25)
* [BUGFIX] Issue 197 : Update `[InternalsVisibleTo]` references during instrumentation.  Finally fixing an issue that's been there since 2010!

# 8.6.95 (Habu series release 24)
* Built with and supports net8.0 release
* Other dependency updates.
* Minor housekeeping changes, but no actual new features.

# 8.6.68 (Habu series release 23)
* Omit anonymous types from coverage, in the same way as other compiler generated code (auto-properties, equality and related operations on F# distributed unions, etc.)
* Supports net8.0 preview 5

# 8.6.61 (Habu series release 22)
* [BUGFIX] prevent possible "The lists had different lengths." exception in the collect phase (Issue 181)
* Removes some obsolete code from the `dotnet test` integration
* Drop support for Fake 5.23.x
* Supports net8.0 preview 4
* Updated to Cecil 11.5, removing the need for workrounds for issues noted at 11.4
* Other dependency updates.

# 8.6.48 (Habu series release 21a)
* [BUGFIX] Correctly package the visualizer for net5.0, as well as building it against the later platform

# 8.6.45 (Habu series release 21)
* [BUGFIX] Issue #179 - Improve and strengthen the heuristic for locating dependent assemblies, prossibly slightly speeding the look-up in the process by eliminating potentially duplicated effort.

# 8.6.40 (Habu series release 20)
* [BUGFIX] Issue #178 - possible NRE when instrumenting woven code e.g. using Fody
* [AvaloniaVisualizer] Now requires net5.0 or later
* Supports Fake 6.0.0.  This is probably the last release that will support earlier versions, as 5.23.1 is almost 6 months old.
* Supports net8.0 previews 1,2 (so far, no nasty surprises like with the 7.0.100 release)

# 8.6.14 (Habu series release 19)
* [GTKVisualizer] Fix an off-by-one crash for `coverlet` generated files
* [AvaloniaVisualizer] Fix possible crash launching the About dialog
* [Visualizer] Display coverage percentages against nodes of the tree (known issue that the synthetic F# module nodes are not thus decorated)
* [Visualizer] Improve handling of larger coverage files by deferring more processing until the tree model is actually expanded.
* [API] Types `Options.CLI`, `Options.Logging`, `Options.Prepare` and `Options.Collect` in namespace `AltCover`; concrete implementations of the `ICLIOptions`, `ILoggingOptions` and `IPrepareOptions` and `ICollectOptions` respectively, with getter and setter for each property.  Default values for the latter two are as per the corresponding [`Primitive`](https://stevegilham.github.io/altcover/AltCover.Engine/Primitive-fsapidoc) record types.
* [API] Also on the `AltCover.Fake` package in the `AltCoverFake.DotNet.Testing` namespace (except `Options.Logging` which is not useful in that context)

# 8.5.842 (Habu series release 18)
* [VISUALIZER] As the relevant Avalonia issue is long resolved, move to having separate dialog boxes for the Avalonia Visualizer's "About" and message box, as in the GTK# version.
* `ref struct` types have an autogenerated `[Obsolete]` attribute with a standard comment - detect and ignore such attributes.  See https://turnerj.com/blog/ref-structs-are-technically-obsolete for details.

# 8.5.841 (Habu series release 17)
* To support Cake 3.0, move the Cake API assembly from AltCover.Api to a new package AltCover.Cake; this contains libraries built against Cake 2.0.0 at `netcoreapp3.1` as well as the old ones built against Cake 1.0.0 at netstandard2.0 (present but in practice obsolete).
* Following Fake.build's policy of deprecating releases older then 6 month, drop support for versions before 5.23
* [BREAKING] Rename `AltCover.Cake.DotNet.DotNetCoreTest` to `AltCover.Cake.DotNet.DotNetTest` (even in the obsolete 1.0.0 build) to match the changes in the Cake APIs (and consequent chage to the test setting type in the argument list).  Similarly, in the version >= 2.0.0 build, the type `AltCover.Cake.DotNet` is now a `[CakeAliasCategory("DotNet")]` rather than `[CakeAliasCategory("DotNetCore")]`
* [API] New DotNet APIs for Fake support - `ToTestPropertiesList` method to emit a list of (name,value) pairs to allow customised property passing to `dotnet test` in the wake of the v7.0.100 regression.
* [API] Additionally `ImportModuleProperties` and `GetVersionProperties` values that are additonal lists of (name,value) pairs to append as needed.

⁋For previous releases (8.4.840 and earlier) go here -- [https://github.com/SteveGilham/altcover/blob/master/ReleaseNotes%20-%20Previously.md](https://github.com/SteveGilham/altcover/blob/master/ReleaseNotes%20-%20Previously.md)